docs/development/core/server/kibana-plugin-server.md, before:

<!-- Do not edit this file. It is automatically generated by API Documenter. -->

[Home](./index) &gt; [kibana-plugin-server](./kibana-plugin-server.md)

## kibana-plugin-server package

## Classes

|  Class | Description |
|  --- | --- |
|  [ClusterClient](./kibana-plugin-server.clusterclient.md) | Represents an Elasticsearch cluster API client and allows to call API on behalf of the internal Kibana user and the actual user that is derived from the request headers (via <code>asScoped(...)</code>). |
|  [ConfigService](./kibana-plugin-server.configservice.md) |  |
|  [KibanaRequest](./kibana-plugin-server.kibanarequest.md) |  |
|  [Router](./kibana-plugin-server.router.md) |  |
|  [ScopedClusterClient](./kibana-plugin-server.scopedclusterclient.md) | Serves the same purpose as "normal" <code>ClusterClient</code> but exposes additional <code>callAsCurrentUser</code> method that doesn't use credentials of the Kibana internal user (as <code>callAsInternalUser</code> does) to request Elasticsearch API, but rather passes HTTP headers extracted from the current user request to the API |

## Interfaces

|  Interface | Description |
|  --- | --- |
|  [AuthToolkit](./kibana-plugin-server.authtoolkit.md) | A tool set defining an outcome of Auth interceptor for incoming request. |
|  [CallAPIOptions](./kibana-plugin-server.callapioptions.md) | The set of options that defines how API call should be made and result be processed. |
|  [CoreSetup](./kibana-plugin-server.coresetup.md) |  |
|  [CoreStart](./kibana-plugin-server.corestart.md) |  |
|  [ElasticsearchServiceSetup](./kibana-plugin-server.elasticsearchservicesetup.md) |  |
|  [HttpServiceStart](./kibana-plugin-server.httpservicestart.md) |  |
|  [Logger](./kibana-plugin-server.logger.md) | Logger exposes all the necessary methods to log any type of information and this is the interface used by the logging consumers including plugins. |
|  [LoggerFactory](./kibana-plugin-server.loggerfactory.md) | The single purpose of <code>LoggerFactory</code> interface is to define a way to retrieve a context-based logger instance. |
|  [LogMeta](./kibana-plugin-server.logmeta.md) | Contextual metadata |
|  [OnRequestToolkit](./kibana-plugin-server.onrequesttoolkit.md) | A tool set defining an outcome of OnRequest interceptor for incoming request. |
|  [Plugin](./kibana-plugin-server.plugin.md) | The interface that should be returned by a <code>PluginInitializer</code>. |
|  [PluginInitializerContext](./kibana-plugin-server.plugininitializercontext.md) | Context that's available to plugins during initialization stage. |
|  [PluginSetupContext](./kibana-plugin-server.pluginsetupcontext.md) | Context passed to the plugins <code>setup</code> method. |
|  [PluginStartContext](./kibana-plugin-server.pluginstartcontext.md) | Context passed to the plugins <code>start</code> method. |

## Type Aliases

|  Type Alias | Description |
|  --- | --- |
|  [APICaller](./kibana-plugin-server.apicaller.md) |  |
|  [AuthenticationHandler](./kibana-plugin-server.authenticationhandler.md) |  |
|  [ElasticsearchClientConfig](./kibana-plugin-server.elasticsearchclientconfig.md) |  |
|  [Headers](./kibana-plugin-server.headers.md) |  |
|  [HttpServiceSetup](./kibana-plugin-server.httpservicesetup.md) |  |
|  [OnRequestHandler](./kibana-plugin-server.onrequesthandler.md) |  |
|  [PluginInitializer](./kibana-plugin-server.plugininitializer.md) | The <code>plugin</code> export at the root of a plugin's <code>server</code> directory should conform to this interface. |
|  [PluginName](./kibana-plugin-server.pluginname.md) | Dedicated type for plugin name/id that is supposed to make Map/Set/Arrays that use it as a key or value more obvious. |

Commit message:

Fix core api type exports (#36108)
* Fix missing type exports in core/public

* Fix missing type exports in src/core/server

* Expose HttpStart

* Expose HttpStart: fix test mocks

docs/development/core/server/kibana-plugin-server.md, after:

<!-- Do not edit this file. It is automatically generated by API Documenter. -->

[Home](./index) &gt; [kibana-plugin-server](./kibana-plugin-server.md)

## kibana-plugin-server package

## Classes

|  Class | Description |
|  --- | --- |
|  [ClusterClient](./kibana-plugin-server.clusterclient.md) | Represents an Elasticsearch cluster API client and allows to call API on behalf of the internal Kibana user and the actual user that is derived from the request headers (via <code>asScoped(...)</code>). |
|  [KibanaRequest](./kibana-plugin-server.kibanarequest.md) |  |
|  [Router](./kibana-plugin-server.router.md) |  |
|  [ScopedClusterClient](./kibana-plugin-server.scopedclusterclient.md) | Serves the same purpose as "normal" <code>ClusterClient</code> but exposes additional <code>callAsCurrentUser</code> method that doesn't use credentials of the Kibana internal user (as <code>callAsInternalUser</code> does) to request Elasticsearch API, but rather passes HTTP headers extracted from the current user request to the API |

## Interfaces

|  Interface | Description |
|  --- | --- |
|  [AuthToolkit](./kibana-plugin-server.authtoolkit.md) | A tool set defining an outcome of Auth interceptor for incoming request. |
|  [CallAPIOptions](./kibana-plugin-server.callapioptions.md) | The set of options that defines how API call should be made and result be processed. |
|  [CoreSetup](./kibana-plugin-server.coresetup.md) |  |
|  [CoreStart](./kibana-plugin-server.corestart.md) |  |
|  [DiscoveredPlugin](./kibana-plugin-server.discoveredplugin.md) | Small container object used to expose information about discovered plugins that may or may not have been started. |
|  [ElasticsearchServiceSetup](./kibana-plugin-server.elasticsearchservicesetup.md) |  |
|  [HttpServiceStart](./kibana-plugin-server.httpservicestart.md) |  |
|  [Logger](./kibana-plugin-server.logger.md) | Logger exposes all the necessary methods to log any type of information and this is the interface used by the logging consumers including plugins. |
|  [LoggerFactory](./kibana-plugin-server.loggerfactory.md) | The single purpose of <code>LoggerFactory</code> interface is to define a way to retrieve a context-based logger instance. |
|  [LogMeta](./kibana-plugin-server.logmeta.md) | Contextual metadata |
|  [OnRequestToolkit](./kibana-plugin-server.onrequesttoolkit.md) | A tool set defining an outcome of OnRequest interceptor for incoming request. |
|  [Plugin](./kibana-plugin-server.plugin.md) | The interface that should be returned by a <code>PluginInitializer</code>. |
|  [PluginInitializerContext](./kibana-plugin-server.plugininitializercontext.md) | Context that's available to plugins during initialization stage. |
|  [PluginSetupContext](./kibana-plugin-server.pluginsetupcontext.md) | Context passed to the plugins <code>setup</code> method. |
|  [PluginsServiceSetup](./kibana-plugin-server.pluginsservicesetup.md) |  |
|  [PluginsServiceStart](./kibana-plugin-server.pluginsservicestart.md) |  |
|  [PluginStartContext](./kibana-plugin-server.pluginstartcontext.md) | Context passed to the plugins <code>start</code> method. |

## Type Aliases

|  Type Alias | Description |
|  --- | --- |
|  [APICaller](./kibana-plugin-server.apicaller.md) |  |
|  [AuthenticationHandler](./kibana-plugin-server.authenticationhandler.md) |  |
|  [ElasticsearchClientConfig](./kibana-plugin-server.elasticsearchclientconfig.md) |  |
|  [Headers](./kibana-plugin-server.headers.md) |  |
|  [HttpServiceSetup](./kibana-plugin-server.httpservicesetup.md) |  |
|  [OnRequestHandler](./kibana-plugin-server.onrequesthandler.md) |  |
|  [PluginInitializer](./kibana-plugin-server.plugininitializer.md) | The <code>plugin</code> export at the root of a plugin's <code>server</code> directory should conform to this interface. |
|  [PluginName](./kibana-plugin-server.pluginname.md) | Dedicated type for plugin name/id that is supposed to make Map/Set/Arrays that use it as a key or value more obvious. |
