docs/development/core/public/kibana-plugin-public.corestart.md, before:

<!-- Do not edit this file. It is automatically generated by API Documenter. -->

[Home](./index) &gt; [kibana-plugin-public](./kibana-plugin-public.md) &gt; [CoreStart](./kibana-plugin-public.corestart.md)

## CoreStart interface

<b>Signature:</b>

```typescript
export interface CoreStart 
```

## Properties

|  Property | Type | Description |
|  --- | --- | --- |
|  [application](./kibana-plugin-public.corestart.application.md) | <code>ApplicationStart</code> | [ApplicationStart](./kibana-plugin-public.applicationstart.md) |
|  [basePath](./kibana-plugin-public.corestart.basepath.md) | <code>BasePathStart</code> | [BasePathStart](./kibana-plugin-public.basepathstart.md) |
|  [i18n](./kibana-plugin-public.corestart.i18n.md) | <code>I18nStart</code> | [I18nStart](./kibana-plugin-public.i18nstart.md) |
|  [injectedMetadata](./kibana-plugin-public.corestart.injectedmetadata.md) | <code>InjectedMetadataStart</code> | [InjectedMetadataStart](./kibana-plugin-public.injectedmetadatastart.md) |
|  [notifications](./kibana-plugin-public.corestart.notifications.md) | <code>NotificationsStart</code> | [NotificationsStart](./kibana-plugin-public.notificationsstart.md) |
|  [overlays](./kibana-plugin-public.corestart.overlays.md) | <code>OverlayStart</code> | [OverlayStart](./kibana-plugin-public.overlaystart.md) |

Commit message:

Fix core api type exports (#36108)
* Fix missing type exports in core/public

* Fix missing type exports in src/core/server

* Expose HttpStart

* Expose HttpStart: fix test mocks

docs/development/core/public/kibana-plugin-public.corestart.md, after:

<!-- Do not edit this file. It is automatically generated by API Documenter. -->

[Home](./index) &gt; [kibana-plugin-public](./kibana-plugin-public.md) &gt; [CoreStart](./kibana-plugin-public.corestart.md)

## CoreStart interface

Core services exposed to the start lifecycle

<b>Signature:</b>

```typescript
export interface CoreStart 
```

## Properties

|  Property | Type | Description |
|  --- | --- | --- |
|  [application](./kibana-plugin-public.corestart.application.md) | <code>ApplicationStart</code> | [ApplicationStart](./kibana-plugin-public.applicationstart.md) |
|  [basePath](./kibana-plugin-public.corestart.basepath.md) | <code>BasePathStart</code> | [BasePathStart](./kibana-plugin-public.basepathstart.md) |
|  [http](./kibana-plugin-public.corestart.http.md) | <code>HttpStart</code> | [HttpStart](./kibana-plugin-public.httpstart.md) |
|  [i18n](./kibana-plugin-public.corestart.i18n.md) | <code>I18nStart</code> | [I18nStart](./kibana-plugin-public.i18nstart.md) |
|  [injectedMetadata](./kibana-plugin-public.corestart.injectedmetadata.md) | <code>InjectedMetadataStart</code> | [InjectedMetadataStart](./kibana-plugin-public.injectedmetadatastart.md) |
|  [notifications](./kibana-plugin-public.corestart.notifications.md) | <code>NotificationsStart</code> | [NotificationsStart](./kibana-plugin-public.notificationsstart.md) |
|  [overlays](./kibana-plugin-public.corestart.overlays.md) | <code>OverlayStart</code> | [OverlayStart](./kibana-plugin-public.overlaystart.md) |
